Collected collective works 2002-5
=================================

*This list covers what I remember working on - collaborative projects
with an open source, critical cartography angle. Includes talks,
performances, workshops, code, data, conference organising and
contributions to standards. Includes a little bit of 2001-6 for
context.*

2006: Ran an OSM mapping party at a queer art space in a disused mall in
Hamburg Altona

2006: Ran an OSM mapping party at the Eclectic Tech Carnival and mapped
Timisoara -- part of https://genderchangers.org/herstory.html

2006: Early input into forming the GeoJSON standard and the early
development of OpenLayers

2005: Gave talks focused on plugging OpenStreetmap at several
conferences including OSCON. Talked about corporate Friend-of-a-Friend
networks at O\'Reilly\'s Where 2.0

2005: Co-organised WSFII, the World Summit on Free Information
Infrastructures in Limehouse with Saul Albert and Rufus Pollock which
covered open data, open money, open hardware, community networks, free
culture, free software and had its own local event currency, the Lime

2005: A piece in Wireless Hacks, O\'Reilly on the local portal for
community networks based on Ile Sans Fil and NoCat projects used in
Wireless London

2005: Organised Open Geographic Data strand of the first OKCon Open
Knowledge Foundation conference.

2005: Talk called \"Semantic City\" to the Architecture Association
School in London

2005: Talk about a SPARQL-like query interpreter at a W3C semantic web
seminar to define the protocol

2005: Zine titled \"Was is Tausch?\" about local exchange trading system
designs, with material from the LETS Get Together.

2004: Open Geodata Manifesto for the Open Knowledge Foundation with
Rufus Pollock, which fed into the Open Definition used by the UK Open
Government Licence. Workshop organising, petition writing.

2004: London Free Map, an editable local map spinoff project from
Wireless London, with Schuyler Erle. Closed the project and donated the
data to OpenStreetmap in 2005

2004: Wireless London, a local information wireless portal, Arts Council
funded, with Saul Albert, linked to Scott Martin\'s London wiki

2004: Mapping Hacks, O\'Reilly, about 25% contribution to a collective
how-to guide to do interesting things with geo data and tools

2004: Co-wrote a call for proposals for a network-event-location system
for the Arts Council with Saul Albert and Ben Russell which was awarded
to the group that went on to found BERG

2004: Series of events in the Map Room at Limehouse Town Hall including
a discussion LETS Get Together on systems for Local Exchange Trading
Systems as part of the University of Openess\[sic\], with Hugh Barnard

2004: Contribution to the anthology \"Trans-Cultural Mapping\" and
associated workshop at RIXC, Riga, Latvia

2004: Participated in the Locative Media workshop at O\'Reilly Emerging
Tech. The Foursquare kids were there, still in college, their Dodgeball
service had 100 users.

2003: Co-organised the Cartographic Congress at Limehouse in London
https://www.metamute.org/editorial/articles/cartographic-congress

2003: \"Locative Packets\" with Andrew Paterson at Locative Media
Workshop in LiepƒÅja-Karosta, Latvia
https://archive.org/details/agryfp-2003-locative-media-workshop-images
https://locative.x-i.net/report2.html

2003: Spacenamespace cited in the supporting docs for the first W3C
geospatial RDF standard https://www.w3.org/2003/01/geo/

2003: Gave the Mudlondon / spacenamespace talk at 7 different events
including OSCOM and Xtech, growing to include \"noderunner\", a wifi
interactive game where you ran around London incidentally mapping, as
implemented with Saul Albert based on Noderunner NYC

2003: Featured in the Guardian "Get caught mapping" on neogeography and
locative media
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2003/mar/27/newmedia.onlinesupplement
\"shares some of the same aims as headmap\"

2003: Talk at Emerging Technology conference from O\'Reilly includes
Mudlondon / spacenamespace as part of \"Gonzo collaborative mapping on
the semantic web\"
https://interconnected.org/notes/2003/04/etcon/gonzo.txt

2002: Mudlondon (chatbot-editable model of London with a semantic web
backend and a Jabber/AIM bot front-end) featured in NTK

2002: Participated in the Hot Summer of Generative Psychogeography with
Wilfried Hou Je Bek
https://noemalab.eu/senza-categoria/the-hot-summer-of-generative-psychogeography-2002/

2002: Performance at dorkbotlondon \#9 with a horde of bots, 30 or 40,
that shared an IRC backchannel and understood scraps of each others\'
language. They did a lot of attempts at translation
https://dorkbotlondon.org/9/

2002: Panel discussion and workshop at Bot to the Future session of the
TakeItOutside breakoff conference at the NTK/Mute Festival of
Inappropriate Technology https://www.haddock.org/takeitoutside/xcom2002/

2002: Performance at dorkbotlondon \#4 of a geometric generative poetry
reading by a synthesised voice generated from my own voice with
\`festival\` as a warm-down act for Paul Granjon
https://dorkbotlondon.org/4/

2001: Generative poetry and music performance with yaxu at the Public
Life converted underground toilet bar in Shoreditch. Everything was
written in perl

2001: Oulibot - piece with Jeff Instone in \"Generator\" exhibition in
Spacex Exeter. It had a markov chain chatbot to it, and searched and
learned from the internet in response to conversation
[[https://pure.solent.ac.uk/en/publications/generator-spacex-gallery-exeter-touring-to-first-site-colchester-]{.underline}](https://pure.solent.ac.uk/en/publications/generator-spacex-gallery-exeter-touring-to-first-site-colchester-)

2001: Maintenance of the Knowhere localised web forum for the state51
conspiracy, with Paul Sanders
